This course is about the latest version of angular which at the moment is angular 8.
Now that sounds like you missed a lot.
If you're just starting with it the good thing is you didn't because Angela worsening sounds more complex
than it is.
You could argue that thus far they're actually only where two major big words of angular the first one
was angular J.S. also referred to as angular one that was released years ago and worked totally different
than the angular you're going to learn at this course and you shouldn't use it for new projects anymore.
Instead the angler team worked on a completely new version which is simply referred to as just angular
so without angular J.S. which was initially released as angular two and sometimes on the internet you
still just find content on angular 2 and that typically also means that it's about angular angular 8
7 and so on in general but more on these observations in a second.
So angular 2 was released in 2016 and it was a complete rewrite of angler J.S. It works totally different
has a lot of different concepts and there are basically no similarities between these two frameworks
so you don't need to know angular jazz to learn angular in which everywhere if you know angular jazz
it won't be a problem but it unfortunately also won't help you much.
Okay so that's angular too but discourse is about angular 8.
So what happened in between there was angular for free was skipped for internal reasons.
So the next version was angler 4.
And then there were a couple of our worshipers five six seven and now we have angular eight.
The reason for this variety of versions is simply that the angular team releases a new major word as
they call it every six months roughly and they do that not to change everything with every release.
Instead all the code you are learning here basically would still work in angular too with very few exceptions
all the code you do learn here of course works with angular 8 because I do constantly keep this course
up to date with the latest version but there haven't been many changes between angular 2 and 8.
So these new numbers can be a bit confusing at first.
The angular team is simply having this jewel of releasing a new bigger whereas in every six months where
they have the option of introducing some bigger changes but they rarely do this and if they introduce
bigger breaking changes they always do that in a backward compatible way so that what you will learn
now will also still be relevant in a year or two.
That simply explains angular 8 and that simply is why we have that many versions.
The major shift was from angular J.S. to angular though.